= Cool Japan Project

== Development

To contribute Cool-Japan project, You'll need:

* twitter app. you can create from https://dev.twitter.com/apps/new
* Facebook app. you can create from https://developers.facebook.com/apps
* Pusher account. you can create from http://pusher.com

You can use all of them for free. Next, you have to set all these environments otherwise foreman won't start correctly.

 FB_APP_ID=XXX
 FB_APP_SECRET=XXX
 FB_ADMINS=111,222
 TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=XXX
 TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=XXX
 TWITTER_OAUTH_TOKEN=XXX
 TWITTER_OAUTH_TOKEN_SECRET=XXX
 TWITTER_KEYWORD="xxxx, xxxx"
 PUSHER_APP_ID=XXX
 PUSHER_KEY=XXX
 PUSHER_SECRET=XXX
 RACK_ENV=development
 NEW_RELIC_APP_NAM=cooljapan-staging|cooljapan
 NEW_RELIC_ID=xxxx
 NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY=xxxx
 NEW_RELIC_LOG=stdout

Then start the entire app with this command:

 foreman start

If you don't see any errors, you can start hacking!
If you see something like process terminated, try these 2 commands.

 bundle exec thin -p $PORT -e $RACK_ENV start
 bundle exec rake jobs:work

== Full Environment variables

 RACK_ENV=development
 FB_APP_ID=xxxx
 FB_APP_SECRET=xxxx
 BASIC_AUTH_PASSWORD=xxxx
 BASIC_AUTH_USERNAME=xxxx
 FB_ADMINS=1259119031,1451978555
 GEM_PATH=vendor/bundle/ruby/1.9.1
 LANG=en_US.UTF-8
 NEW_RELIC_APP_NAM=cooljapan-staging|cooljapan
 NEW_RELIC_ID=xxxx
 NEW_RELIC_LICENSE_KEY=xxxx
 NEW_RELIC_LOG=stdout
 TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY=xxxx
 TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=xxxx
 TWITTER_OAUTH_TOKEN=xxxx
 TWITTER_OAUTH_TOKEN_SECRET=xxxx
 TWITTER_KEYWORD=xxxx
 PUSHER_APP_ID=xxxx
 PUSHER_KEY=xxxx
 PUSHER_SECRET=xxxx
 PATH=bin:vendor/bundle/ruby/1.9.1/bin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin
 RACK_ENV=staging|production
 RUBY_VERSION=ruby-1.9.3-p125

== Special Thanks

* @stolt45 for the pusher-demo app.
